hey everybody Garrett Claridge here this
is gonna be a video going out to those
people obsessed with fans it seems to be
a lot of them on YouTube it's something
I got here this is a Basque Oh see here
there's no actual model number on this
baby
vesko Industries Incorporated what's
that Rochester New York and why
something like that I think that's what
that means anyway this is a old guy oh
wait look model 200 sorry I'm stupid you
look the handles missing on the top I
guess there's a suitcase style handle
and also the the volume knob if you call
it that via the speed knob the on button
whatever you want to call that has been
changed out to a little clicky button it
still has the two speeds but the
original switch gone all metal white
blades really cool color pick this up at
a yard sale for two bucks not long ago
let's click that on I need to tighten
this thing up a bit it's a little
rattling that's probably the slow
setting the slow settings are right on
it's like nice little breeze the fast
ones like a hurricane though
you hear the rattle it
just got to tight the where's there's a
fret grill it's got tighten the front
grill on that corner little guy right
here
it's rattling around
it's a pretty sweet-looking fan I'm
gonna probably take it apart clean it up
and all that and uh it's all for looks
really I don't think I'd be using this
no I probably will
I probably change the corn I went on
it's really one of those things Riley
it's one of these sketchy-ass chords on
it there you have her quick little video
for the fan fans the fast go model 280
some of the fan fans want to come to my
house and buy this for me for like three
thousand bucks apparently they're worth
that